Revision en docs (#1323)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/online-payments/checkout-pro/advanced-integration.en.md

## Return URL

> At the end of the payment process you have the option to **redirect the buyer to your website.** In order to do this you need to add the `back_urls` attribute and define where you want the `return to site button to redirect the buyer depending on the payment status. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of the payment process you have the option to **redirect the buyer to your website.** To do so, you need to add the `back_urls` attribute and define where you want the `return to site button to redirect the buyer depending on the payment status. 
```

> If you want this redirection to be made automatically you need to also add the `auto_return` attribute with value `approved`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want this redirection to be made automatically, you also need to add the `auto_return` attribute with the value `approved`. 
```

Avoid rejected payments with our recommendations and [improve the approval process](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/account/payment-rejections).

## Cancellations and Refunds

----[mla, mlm, mco, mlu, mlb, mlc]----
Cancellations are made when the cash payment was not completed before the expiration date and the seller decides to cancel it.
Refunds happen when the payment was made but the seller decides to cancel it totally or partially.
------------

----[mpe]----
Cancellations are made when the cash payment was not completed before the expiration date and the seller decides to cancel it.
Refunds happen when the payment was made but the seller decides to cancel it totally.
------------

> You can find all the information in the [Refunds and Cancellations section](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/account/cancellations-and-refunds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find all the information in the [Refunds and Cancellations](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/account/cancellations-and-refunds) section.
```
